DOCS-1145: Authenticate with api key (#1916)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/apis/cloud.md

To use the Viam cloud app API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate an [`AppClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient).
See the following example for reference.
To find the api key and secret, go to [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), and navigate to the bottom of your location's page.
For the URL, use the address of any of the robots in the location (found on the **Code sample** tab).

> TODO

Author: @jr22 or @ohEmily can you confirm for me that we still need to use the location secret for the ViamClient?

Author: Nevermind - figured it out myself

To use the Viam cloud app API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate an [`AppClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient).
See the following example for reference.

> To find your api key and secret, go to [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), and navigate to one of your robots' **Security** tab.

Author: Is this correct? Or should we suggest to people to get an org api key?
```suggestion
Use the Viam CLI [to generate an api key for your organization](https://docs.viam.com/manage/cli/#create-an-organization-api-key).
```

Reviewer: There's a UI incoming but it's blocked behind the SvelteKit frontend migration! So for now yes, just the CLI!

> To find your api key and secret, go to [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), and navigate to one of your robots' **Security** tab the bottom of your location's page.

Author: Is this correct? I've tested this with an org api key that I generated from the CLI. Is the API key pair that gets generated on a robot's security page different? I assume that might be different? Would this be more correct?

```suggestion
Use the Viam CLI [to generate an api key for your organization](https://docs.viam.com/manage/cli/#create-an-organization-api-key).
```

Reviewer 2: yeah we autogenerate an api key specific to your robot automatically when it gets created (only has perms scoped to that robot). That will be the API key used on the code samples page and the security page. eventually (although this work isnt done yet) you will also be able to navigate to the org settings page to see _all_ your api keys there. The copy about the robot security tab makes sense to me.

> To find your api key and secret, go to [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), and navigate to one of your robots' **Security** tab the bottom of your location's page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To find your api key and secret, go to [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), and navigate to one of your robots' **Security** tab.
```
If keeping sentence is confusing, is this what you meant? Robot part API keys in screenshot seems accurate but I can't actually find that in the app at the moment

Author: only in staging at the moment  you can see it here: https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/blob/82453ffbeaf8a0967e23131531bd9116c3b4ffcc/assets/manage/app-usage/robot-secrets.png
